add config parameters doc for destination in service-defaults (#13950)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/gateways/terminating-gateway.mdx

-> **1.8.0+:** This feature is available in Consul versions 1.8.0 and newer.

Terminating gateways enable connectivity within your organizational network from services in the Consul service mesh to

> services/[destinations](/docs/connect/config-entries/service-defaults#destination) outside the mesh. These gateways effectively act as Connect proxies that can

Reviewer: i think this might be a better link to reference

```suggestion
services and [destinations](/docs/connect/config-entries/service-defaults#terminating-gateway-destination) outside the mesh. These gateways effectively act as Connect proxies that can
```

Reviewer: i almost said "it might be a better destination" 😛

> services/[destinations](/docs/connect/config-entries/service-defaults#destination) outside the mesh. These gateways effectively act as Connect proxies that can

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
services or [destinations](/docs/connect/config-entries/service-defaults#destination) outside the mesh. These gateways effectively act as Connect proxies that can
```

1. A local Consul client agent to manage its configuration.
2. General network connectivity to services within its local Consul datacenter.

> 3. General network connectivity to services/destinations outside the mesh that are part of the gateway services list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. General network connectivity to services and destinations outside the mesh that are part of the gateway services list.
```

> 3. General network connectivity to services/destinations outside the mesh that are part of the gateway services list.

Reviewer 2: Nice 🚀 !

If the Consul client agent on the gateway's node is not configured to use the default gRPC port, 8502, then the gateway's token
must also provide `agent:read` for its node's name in order to discover the agent's gRPC port. gRPC is used to expose Envoy's xDS API to Envoy proxies.

> Linking services/destinations to a terminating gateway is done with a `terminating-gateway`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can link services and destinations to a terminating gateway with a `terminating-gateway`
```

> Linking services/destinations to a terminating gateway is done with a `terminating-gateway`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Linking services or destinations to a terminating gateway is done with a `terminating-gateway`
```

does not match the node name of any Consul client agent node. If the node name overlaps with the node name of a Consul client agent,
Consul's [anti-entropy sync](/docs/architecture/anti-entropy) will delete the services registered via the `/catalog/register` HTTP API endpoint.

> An exception to that is using [service-defaults](/docs/connect/config-entries/service-defaults) [destinations](/docs/connect/config-entries/service-defaults#destination),
> which allow to define endpoints external to the mesh and routable through a terminating gateway in transparent mode.
> a service-defaults configuration entry needs to be defined for each destination and the service-default name can be used as part of the terminating gateway services list.
> If a service and a destination service-defaults have the same name the destination is ignored in favor of the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service-defaults [destinations](/docs/connect/config-entries/service-defaults#destination) let you
define endpoints external to the mesh and routable through a terminating gateway in transparent mode.
After you define a service-defaults configuration entry for each destination, you can use the service-default name as part of the terminating gateway services list.
If a service and a destination service-defaults have the same name, the terminating gateway will use the service.
```

> An exception to that is using [service-defaults](/docs/connect/config-entries/service-defaults) [destinations](/docs/connect/config-entries/service-defaults#destination),
> which allow to define endpoints external to the mesh and routable through a terminating gateway in transparent mode.
> a service-defaults configuration entry needs to be defined for each destination and the service-default name can be used as part of the terminating gateway services list.
> If a service and a destination service-defaults have the same name the destination is ignored in favor of the service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An exception to that is using [service-defaults](/docs/connect/config-entries/service-defaults) [destinations](/docs/connect/config-entries/service-defaults#destination),
which allow endpoints external to the mesh that are routable through a terminating gateway in transparent mode.
A `service-defaults` configuration entry needs to be defined for each destination and the service-default name can be used as part of the terminating gateway services list.
If a service and a destination `service-defaults` have the same name the destination is ignored in favor of the service.
```
